report: extract independent report-generator types (#12940)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: report/generator/README.md

# Lighthouse Report Generator

## Overview

Lighthouse's report generator is the entry point for creating reports from an **LHR** (Lighthouse Result object). It returns results as HTML, JSON, and CSV.

> It runs natively in Node.js but can run in the browser after a compile step is applied during our bundling pipeline. That compile step uses a browserify transform that takes any `fs.readFileSync()` calls and replaces them with the stringified file content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It runs natively in Node.js but can run in the browser after a compile step is applied during our bundling pipeline. That compile step uses `brfs`, which takes any `fs.readFileSync()` calls and replaces them with the stringified file content.
```

future proof this :)
